That's exactly right. The split is working perfectly:

Local (localhost:8501): Refresh Data + Run Scrapers Now + the Add-a-Company panel, no read-only caption.

Deployed (internships.streamlit.app): only Refresh Data, the 📖 read-only caption, no Add-a-Company panel.

Same data on both (88 openings, 15 companies), and the sidebar heartbeat reads Active from the status.txt you pushed. The .gitignore did its job — .local_dev stayed off GitHub, so the cloud copy correctly reports itself as deployed.

Keeping it running

Daily, on your PC — one command:

cd "D:\BOTS\Job Search Macro"
python master_runner.py

Leave that terminal open. It scrapes all 23 companies, pushes the DB, sleeps ~24h, repeats. Closing the window, logging out, or rebooting stops it — just re-run the command.

After the first cycle completes, check for this line:

[git] pushed: data: scraper run 2026-08-15 19:42

That's the confirmation the whole chain works unattended. If you instead see [git] timed out or [git] push failed, the automated push isn't working and the public site will freeze at its current data.

When you change code (new scraper, dashboard tweak), push manually — push_results() only commits the DB and status file, never code:

git add -A
git commit -m "what you changed"
git push origin main

Streamlit redeploys automatically within a minute or two.

When adding a company via the dashboard, remember it writes a new file into scrapers/ and edits master_runner.py. Those are code changes, so they need the manual push above to reach the cloud — otherwise the deployed app is running an older scraper list. Not harmful (the cloud doesn't scrape), but the repo drifts from your machine.

What to watch for

The sidebar heartbeat is your health check. If it flips to 🔴 Offline on the deployed site, either master_runner.py stopped on your PC or pushes are failing — over 26 hours without a fresh status.txt.

"95 added in the last 24h" but 88 openings total. That's every row being counted as new, which happens on a first populated run. It should settle to a realistic number tomorrow. If it still says everything is new after a few days, the scrapers are deleting and re-adding rows each cycle rather than recognizing existing ones — worth investigating then.

Optional: Task Scheduler can auto-start master_runner.py at login so reboots cost you nothing. Trigger "At log on," action python, arguments master_runner.py, Start in D:\BOTS\Job Search Macro.